# DAT-405
<p>This repository contains the work I have completed for my DAT 405 project. The brief I was given asked me to make a piece of generative art. Generative art is art made with Javascript mainly, a coding language. I carried out research into art projects and other examples of generative art. The research insipired me to make an interactive canvas that the user can draw on using the brush which follows the mouse and changes shapes and colours. This webpage can be viewed at Liamjrees.github.io or viewed by opening the index.html file in a browser.</p>

<p>This repository contains a folder containing all of the project code and a file showing examples of what the canvas can create. The project code is made up of a html file, a css file and a javascript file. To edit this code all of the files will be needed and the libraries will be also. The html file is for the webpage and how it is set out etc. The css file styles the html page, all of the colours, fonts are contained and edited within the css file. The javascript file contains all of the code for the canvas itself. This code controlls what can be produced in the canvas, the canvas size, colour etc. </P>

<p> To use the canvas initially left click the mouse and drawing will begin. The curser is the brush and where the curser goes lines or shapes will be drawn. To change the colour of the brush hold or press left click for a random colour change. Buttons 1 2 and 3 can be used to change the type of shape. Button 1 makes an ellipse, button 2 makes a square and button 3 makes a triangle. All shapes are created with random colours and dimensions.</p>

<p> The canvas is made and inspired by geometic abstract art and pieces of generative art that include the user in an interactive experience. I believe that this repository shows that I have successfully made a generative art piece with organic motion and randomness.</p>
